so I am going to show you how to do
vacation inspired nails today I just got
back from Hawaii last week it was
beautiful I was really fortunate to go
out there and I'm going to show you some
pilots my trip and then the to I
I like this baby
alright so the first thing you're going
to do is start off with all your nails
painted white and then we're going to do
an ombre effect so I start out with an
orange color and then I'm going into a
bright pink neon yellow and one my
favorite teal colors you're gonna paint
that all on the sponge one right off
together just like this and then you're
going to line it up with the edge of the
nail and gently sponge that on and my
first episode I teach you guys how to do
this and I did use a new sponge every
time you can use a sponge if you'd like
um but it's up to you so I'm doing this
only on my thumb and then my ring finger
and we're gonna do some other designs
you guys saw yeah
gently dab that on we get this really
cool effect to clean up I just take the
cap of the nail polish remover I have
and a paint brush and I just clean up
the edges
then I take the same pink I used and I
go ahead and paint my index finger and
my pinky we're just going to add some
crease studs to those later so those can
paint and then wait for them to dry
so while you have the bright pink out go
ahead and paint some hibiscus flowers it
was so cool seeing them growing wild out
there I'm going to do a little bit more
of a dimension with the orange so I
paint that right over and it gives it
just a little bit more about it we're
just going to free him this is super
easy I'm using that bright neon yellow
I'm just going to paint some free
honey's
we're going to use that sand teal from
before and Laird gives it kind of bright
green really neat now we're done with
all of our polishes so now we're going
to pull out a black striper and that's
what we're going to do the detail work
with this this flowers have those cool
little stems that pop out and have the
little dots on them so as you can see I
do this all three hand guys so it's fun
to kind of just play around and it
doesn't have to be super realistic
looking this more artistic that's more
my style at the other thing so I
encourage you guys to try that off poke
fun with it now going back to our ombre
nail this is my favorite part of this
device I'm going to draw some waves at
the bottom where the blue is stuff like
the water right
and then coming up from the waves I'm
gonna drop pump so I'm starting from the
base it's a little bit thicker of a line
to the bottom and then towards the top
it gets to be a little bit thinner of a
line and then you can go ahead and draw
the palm leaves so a few curved lines
coming to the top yeah just a few other
brush strokes for some texture then at
the bottom I like to make it a little
fun and I add some little birds flying
to open water then for the next ombre
nails same thing doing some water but
I'm making this part a little bit
smaller as you can see the palm trees a
little bit smaller because above that
towards the side I'm going to write
Aloha so guys be patient
write it out a few times on a piece of
paper if you can't get it the first time
if not grab one of your girlfriend's and
have her paint it for you so I don't
know if you guys remember if you've seen
it before I did the Oscars episode and
we did some freehand initials back then
so you can go check that out
same the type of design all right and it
wouldn't feel enough to me episode
without some jewels and studs gems so
start out with a top coat put that over
the pink that way that your girls will
stick there's a little dotting tool to
apply those I got these are really
really cool I like the colors they're
from born pretty store calm and
yellow which I really loved so go check
them out and we're doing these ones on
the index and pinky finger and I just
made up a random little design and I
kind of switched the colors on each one
so you guys can play with it
and then you can finish off with a top
coat
as you guys enjoyed that tutorial and
even if you're not on vacation that's
good
you bring paradise to your nails and you
are ready for the summer so as you guys
know I will